!!! CRINGE WARNING !!!
!ass
!ptsd
"Eat the rich!", said the rich person.
"I'm kind of a gamer"
#1 BEST DATING SITE
#gopissgirl
',:\
/kill
1, 2, 3, 4, 5
10 Hidden Game Discoveries Never Meant to be Found
10 years later, he's still trying to beat GTA V Without Taking Damage.
100% lag free
100% organic
219
9mm with my homies
:(
:)
:0
:D
:PKBae:
:flushed_face:
:me:
:thinking:
:woozy_face:
:|
<insert meme here>
@DownloaderBot
@GetVidBot
@GetVideoBot
@SendMeThisVideo
@VidDownApp
@Vid_twi_tter
@VideoDownloade8
@VideoDownloader
@aceCourtBot render
@ddl_vid1
@get_videobot
@getvideostream
@this_vid
@this_vid4
@videodown1oad
A bit later I hit the fire alarm to set off the disco lights.
A blackhole of destruction!
A little fruity!
A little furry!
A long time ago- Actually, never, and also now, nothing is nowhere. When? Never. Makes sense, right? Like I said, it didn't happen. Nothing was never anywhere. That's why it's been everywhere. It's been so everywhere, you don't need a where. You don't even need a when. That's how "every" it gets. 
A peaceful christian site.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
ASMR - Beating You Unconscious to Help You Sleep
Accept it.
African Matrix
African girl, Adeola
Ah shit, here we go again.
Alea iacta est.
All that you know will fade...
All you had to do, was follow the damn train CJ!
Any cute girls on today :3
Are you winning son?
As seen on TV!
BIG SMILE MATE
BOY BYE
Baba Booey
Berichan just wanted to let you know that they love you
Berichan just wanted to let you know that they think you're great
Block game drama
Boundary Breaking the site!
Bowser came out as a furry
Brandon "Glizzy Hands" Ewing
Burn it, burn it all!
COMMUNICATION ERROR
CZOOM CZOOMING
Can i cum insdie you?
Casually
Cats on mars
Cheesecake
Chill, it's just a game.
Chubby bunny
ClitXGayming
Clown down!
Cogito, ergo sum
Come💃on🕺shake💃your🕺body💃do🕺that💃conga🕺know💃you🕺cant💃control🕺💃any🕺longer💃🕺💃🕺💃
Confident in my ability to properly tennis, I take the court. I smile at my opponent. Morgan does not return the gesture. She'd be prettier if she did, I think. She serves. The ball passes cleanly through my skull, killing me instantly.
D:
DAGNEL LINKED TO ONE OF MY GUIDES IN HIS VIDEOS
DEDICATION MOTIVATION ACCELERATION
DEEP FREEZE DEEP FREEZE DEEP FREEZE
DELETE THIS
Da-da-daaaa Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun Daaa Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun Da-da-daaaa
Daily reminder to brush your teeth
Davey! How ya doin?
Death ahead
Death is only a temporary inconvenience.
Delet This!
Deleting your life... 69% complete...
Deleting your save file... 69% complete...
Deplorables Anonymous
Despite my Xbox being worse than dog shit at doing anything other than crashing for no reason, I decided to push the fucker beyond its natural limits.
Did You Bring the Cheese
Did you just say Fasil? Are you asking her for help? Or did she finish helping you already? Make sure you thank Fasil! We are not worthy of her help!
Did you know?
Did you know? No, you didn't!
Did you know? The band "Gorillaz" is a pun on the fact that a group of gorillas is called a band.
Disiecta membra poetae.
Do you is fucking?
Does anybody have food?
Don't dig straight down!
Don't you fight it till you tried it, do that conga beat!
Eat that chicken, Charles!
Egg!
Either. Or Both, depends on perspective.
Elitist regulars inside!
English girl named Fiona
Enjoy!
Every day is the same 😭
Every location in Fallout 3 is in Fallout 3, so is a pain in the ass to get to.
Everything is shit
FIVE YEARS LATER
FIX THE LADDERS
FOUR YEARS LATER
Family Friendly Christian server!
Find my New Nintendo 3ds!
Format your hard drive today!
Free Door Giveaway!
GAS GAS GAS
GET THE FUCK OUTTA MY ROOM IM PLAYING MINECRAFT
GIT GUD
Game time started
Gaming will never be the same
GaySchlatt
Get on the bus, leave it all to us
Get out of my chair!
Get the
Get your parents permission first
Glizzy "Brandon Ewing" Hands
Go away, we're full.
Good luck.
Got a boner during an ultrasound
HAHAHAHA
HE WILL NOT DIVIDE US
HEY GUYS AND WELCOME BACK TO ANOTHER VIDEO
HEY LOOK GUYS I FIGURED OUT
Happiness only real when shared
Happy birthday to my wife, if i had one
Happy birthday, Augie!
Happy birthday, Nick Gurr!
Happy senior man approves this message!
Heavily Moderated
Hello ! I leave cs: go and give all my inventory, the first three who send a trade - I will give a knife
Her voluptuos milking functions were magnificent
Here at Rockwell Automation’s world headquarters, research has been proceeding to develop a line of automation products that establishes new standards for quality, technological leadership, and operating excellence. With customer success as our primary focus, work has been proceeding on the crudely conceived idea of an instrument that would not only provide inverse reactive current, for use in unilateral phase detractors, but would also be capable of automatically synchronizing cardinal grammeters. Such an instrument comprised of Dodge gears and bearings, Reliance Electric motors, Allen-Bradley controls, and all monitored by Rockwell Software is Rockwell Automation’s "Retro Encabulator".
Here at Rockwell Automation’s world headquarters, research has been proceeding to develop a line of automation products that establishes new standards for quality, technological leadership, and operating excellence. With customer success as our primary focus, work has been proceeding on the crudely conceived idea of an instrument that would not only provide inverse reactive current, for use in unilateral phase detractors, but would also be capable of automatically synchronizing cardinal grammeters. Such an instrument comprised of Dodge gears and bearings, Reliance Electric motors, Allen-Bradley controls, and all monitored by Rockwell Software is Rockwell Automation’s "Retro Encabulator". Now, basically the only new principle involved is that instead of power being generated by the relative motion of conductors and fluxes, it’s produced by the modial interaction of magneto-reluctance and capacitive diractance. The original machine had a base plate of prefabulated amulite, surmounted by a malleable logarithmic casing in such a way that the two spurving bearings were in a direct line with the panametric fan. The lineup consisted simply of six hydrocoptic marzelvanes, so fitted to the ambifacient lunar waneshaft that sidefumbling was effectively prevented. The main winding was of the normal lotus o-deltoid type placed in panendermic semiboloid slots of the stator, every seventh conductor being connected by a non-reversible tremie pipe to the differential girdlespring on the ‘up’ end of the grammeters. Moreover, whenever fluorescence score motion is required, it may also be employed in conjunction with a drawn reciprocation dingle arm to reduce sinusoidal depleneration. The Retro Encabulator has now reached a high level of development, and it’s being successfully used in the operation of milford trenions. It’s available soon; wherever Rockwell Automation products are sold.
Hey guys, did you know that in terms of male human and female Pokémon breeding, Vaporeon is the most compatible Pokémon for humans? Not only are they in the field egg group, which is mostly comprised of mammals, Vaporeon are an average of 3”03’ tall and 63.9 pounds, this means they’re large enough to be able handle human dicks, and with their impressive Base Stats for HP and access to Acid Armor, you can be rough with one. Due to their mostly water based biology, there’s no doubt in my mind that an aroused Vaporeon would be incredibly wet, so wet that you could easily have sex with one for hours without getting sore. They can also learn the moves Attract, Baby-Doll Eyes, Captivate, Charm, and Tail Whip, along with not having fur to hide nipples, so it’d be incredibly easy for one to get you in the mood. With their abilities Water Absorb and Hydration, they can easily recover from fatigue with enough water. No other Pokémon comes close to this level of compatibility. Also, fun fact, if you pull out enough, you can make your Vaporeon turn white. Vaporeon is literally built for human dick. Ungodly defense stat+high HP pool+Acid Armor means it can take cock all day, all shapes and sizes and still come for more.
Hey this is Phil from the small weiner club. Sorry to get back to you so late - I'm sorry but I don't think I can allow you to join our group. From what I'm looking at, your weiner is massive The sheer girth and juiciness alone is ridiculous.
Hollywood Swinging
How its cqlled when you reach a black hole?
I DARE YOU
I am the church
I apologize a trillion times
I bet you failed NNN
I could kill you all in 3 seconds.
I didn't know you could change Nintendo Switch Joy-con Colors!
I give up.
I haven't lost my virginity because Sigma's don't lose 😎🥵🥶🥶💯
I hope not but oh well
I hope whoever has just visited this site enjoyed the humorous Your Mother joke. Thank you for you time and have a blessed day.
I just mined 1 TNT!
I just mined 14 Dirt!
I just mined one bedrock!
I just picked up 64 Netherrack!
I knew you would be back!
I know what sex is. But I won't tell you!
I laugh to hide the pain
I like to lick ice cream like i like to lick pussy
I look around, I look around,
I never skip leg day, cause then I can't kick kids
I only wanted what was best for her...
I recognize that...
I should explain what I'm doing instead of lingering on a bunch of nothing.
I solemnly swear I don't have a life...
I spent three hours last night trying to get this site to work
I went from one sewer, to a dryer sewer, to the bowels of hell.
I'M not stuck with YOU, YOU'RE stuck with ME!
I'd rather go naked than wear fur
I'll be back gotta take a mad shite
I'm Almost #1 Granny Speedrun
I'm no longer trying my best.
I'm not gay, but $20 is $20
I'm sorry Ms. Jackson (i am for real)
I'm sorry, Logan.
I'm trying my best!
IF I BEAT IT, I AIN'T WEARING A JOHNNY
ITS ALL CONNECTED
If I weren't here, I'd be watching some large chested e-girl instead. Ironically, I'm watching you for the same reason.
Im mining
In a nutshell, this why you can’t trademark the term “garbage,” as that commonly describes all trash, but you can trademark the term “Taco Bell’s Naked Chicken Chalupa” as that clearly references a specific type of trash made by a specific company. 
It does not end.
It is crying.
It is inevitable.
It is meaningless.
It was done my Lord
It will all be over soon.
It will be done my Lord
It's all connected!
It's better to cum in the sink, than to sink in the cum.
It's called destroy, not grief
It's downward from here
It's go time, Reggie.
It's more of a hell than the nether
It's more than I hoped for!
It's not over until I say it's over
It's on you this time idiot!
It's sandcastles man
It's wabbit season!
It's yogurt, not cum
Its dangerous to go alone, take this
JUST EAT SOMETHING
Jump up and down, and move it all around!
Just 5 More Minutes...
Just cheated for the seventh time
Just went to furcon!
KEKW
KEKW >>> LULW
Kill them all before they kill you...
Knack 2 is better than the original!
LEGALIZE E-GIRLS
LET ME IIIIIINN
LOL! I'm laughing! That is an acronym for me laughing!
Leave now while you still can.
Let go.
Lets Play A Game...
Life is temporarily disabled
Like No Other
Linus Sex Tips
Live Free, Die Hard!
Look around... They will all betray you...
Look at me.
Maintain a positive attitude!
Mariya Takeuchi is hot
Mark Rober
More than a meme
Morgan's still in her cat phase
My heart is at The Lands.
My horse fucking disintegrated
My horse just vanished
My stepdads play here
NEW WEBSITE UP VERY SOON!
NO GO AWAY DON'T COME HERE YOU CAN'T LEAVE
Nationwide is on your side
Nice cracktop
Nick Gurr probably celebrating his birthday in Paris
No Tengo Dinero
No anime allowed
No one's around to help.
No! Not Gravy! Nooooooo!
No, I won't get out of your shed.
No, I'm not normal.
No.
Nobody is amused
Not your personal daycare.
Notch is a Person
Nothing ever lasts
Now with 100% more cummies!
Now with 100% more 🥴!
Now with circles
Now, basically the only new principle involved is that instead of power being generated by the relative motion of conductors and fluxes, it’s produced by the modial interaction of magneto-reluctance and capacitive diractance. The original machine had a base plate of prefabulated amulite, surmounted by a malleable logarithmic casing in such a way that the two spurving bearings were in a direct line with the panametric fan.
Null
OBEY
ONE YEAR LATER
OOMPALOOMPA.avi
Obviously, none of this is appropiate.
Oh shit it's going down
Oh shoot
Okay, that’s all the time I’ve got. I've got to get back to playing Animal Crossing: New Leaf, on my Nintendo 3DS.
Once you cum YOU CAN'T UNCUM
One wife is enough!
Or try our diet edition
Our horses have dicks!
OwO What's this?
PA DU PA
PEPIS BENIS
PK FIRE
POV: You're legit struggling in acnh because you don't have any NMT
PRAISE OUR LORD AND SAVIOR
Pain and misery follow
People call me a star but, I'm just inco!
Pinging...
Plasma
Plastic Love
Playing Knack!
Please open the gates! I'm legit struggling in ACNH because I don't have NMT!
QTCrossing
R.I.P Benny Harvey, Miss you man. Gone but not forgotten.
RC Cola > Pepsi
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Real life sucks anyway!
Reggie vs. Hungrybox (you can guess who won)
Remember to be friendly!
Rules
Run to be the president of the United States!
S U C C
SEVEN YEARS LATER
SHUT IT DOWN
SIX YEARS LATER
SMIB SMIB SMIB SMIB
SUAVE
SUAVEMENTE
SUBMIT! SUBMIT! SUBMIT! SUBMIT! SUBMIT! SUBMIT!
SUPERJAIL
Sadly, he's no longer trying to beat GTA V Without Taking Damage. ILY Matto.
Sadly, one of my babies was a misfire that did nothing.
See you @30mil
See! I do care!
See! I don't care!
Sell the time to a clock
Sell water to a fish
Semper inops quicumque cupit.
She can violate my rights if...
She sells seashells by the seashore
She sells seashells by the seashore, but the value of these shells will fall. Due to the law of supply and demand, no one wants to buy shells cause there's loads on the sand!
Shiawase no Monosashi!
Shoutouts to Simpleflips!
Shoutouts to inco!
Si vis pacem, para bellum.
Singing to myself
Sleep deprivation is a drug.
So hard to die.
So, I just got fired for masturbating on a Zoom call.
So, I just got fired for masturbating on a Zoom call. This just happened an hour ago and I am still shaking. I’m a staff in public accounting and was in the middle of a 3-hour training on Zoom. Usually when we have these types of calls I just keep the video running in the background and I walk around the room doing things to pass the time and distract myself from the monotone presenters. Well today I forgot that I left the camera on (I usually always have it off but earlier today I had a call with the partner to discuss my upcoming promotion, so I had to have it on). I had no clue I had left the camera on and in the middle of walking around and muttering to myself as I was zoning out, I flipped it out and started to rub one out. I did so with complete confidence, openly and ferociously, stroking faster and faster until I heard the presenter stop and kindly asked me to turn my camera off. Mortified, I lifted my pants up and rushed over to turn the camera off. Soon after the training was over I had a call with HR and they let me know that I was being terminated. I hated the job anyway so not so bummed about that, but I’m not sure what to say in interviews now if I’m asked why I left this job. Any advice?
Sooner or later,
Sound disabled due to an exploit
Spawning in these creepers yeah, making them some clones
Suerte
Surprisingly chewey.
Swearing is a big no no it will result in a ban
THAT'S THE POWER OF THE KEYBLADE!
THAW THAW THAW THAW THAW THAW THAW THAW
THE FINAL FRONTIER
THERE IS NO SAFE
THIS is how you eat a Big Mac
THREE YEARS LATER
TRUST NO ONE.
TWO YEARS LATER
Take that to the bank!
Thanks Nick Gurr! We also have some honorable mentions. Hugh Janus, Sawcon Disnutts, Mike Hawk and Hugh G. Rection.
That's crazy.
That's great!
The Beginning of The End is HERE!!!
The Oldest Christian Family Friendly Site!!
The Retro Encabulator has now reached a high level of development, and it’s being successfully used in the operation of milford trenions. It’s available soon; wherever Rockwell Automation products are sold.
The Zone will consume you.
The biggest problem comes with my intellegence
The darkness spreads.
The disabling of exploits has been disabled
The doctors when they pulled me out of the womb
The kind of guy who will say "LOL" in all caps with tracks has to be the same kind of guy who eats snacks with Dax.
The lineup consisted simply of six hydrocoptic marzelvanes, so fitted to the ambifacient lunar waneshaft that sidefumbling was effectively prevented. The main winding was of the normal lotus o-deltoid type placed in panendermic semiboloid slots of the stator, every seventh conductor being connected by a non-reversible tremie pipe to the differential girdlespring on the ‘up’ end of the grammeters. Moreover, whenever fluorescence score motion is required, it may also be employed in conjunction with a drawn reciprocation dingle arm to reduce sinusoidal depleneration.
The truth is overrated!
There HAS to be more.
There is always a workaround.
There is no escape...
There is still salvation and hope for you
There once was a man with a tiny cock
They told me I could write anything
They will betray you.
This again...
This ends you.
This woman, in days gone by, would have launched a million men to war over her charm and beuty, not to mention the intellect ... She may truly be the most perfect Hyperborean Female who I have ever laid eyes upon! To say I don't fantasize about the perfect, soft wrinkles of her pale and pink soles would be a blatant lie... She may truly be flawless
Time to smoke weed and eat pizza
Time will become your worst enemy.
Toemad
Traps are not gay! Trust me, I'm a doctor.
Truly disgusting, that some "people" would do this horrible thing.
Trust everyone
Trust is your weakness...
Trust me, I'm a doctor.
Trust no one
Twitch streamer held hostage, because of an uncapped Subathon.
VIRGINITY ROCKS
VideoGameDunkey Approves!
Vuelve el mejor entrenador del planeta para ayudarte con la selectividad en 2020
WALL
WE CAT catJAM WE JAM catJAM NO MODS catJAM NO BAN catJAM
WE'RE GONNA BE TALKING ABOUT
WELCOME TO DIE
We all never belonged here,
We are an equal opportunity community
We found your stash
We live in THE society.
We live in a society.
We're so far out!
Wear your fucking mask
Welcome Back
Welcome to my room
Welcome to my website!
Welcome to the meme factory
Welcome to the oldest site on the internet!
Welcome! Wait, why are we welcoming people?
Welcome, Amir.
Welcome, Clit!
Welcome, Cloudy!
Welcome, DAVEY!
Welcome, Dave.
Welcome, Dhar Mann!
Welcome, Fasil!
Welcome, GKB_NINJA.
Welcome, Jassydance!
Welcome, Jellojacks!
Welcome, Jonny!
Welcome, Jules!
Welcome, Kasey!
Welcome, Katsching!
Welcome, Keith!
Welcome, Kiki!
Welcome, Logan.
Welcome, Morgan!
Welcome, Narwhale220.
Welcome, Ninja.
Welcome, Nite!
Welcome, Pewdiepie.
Welcome, Press!
Welcome, Russell Wilson!
Welcome, Sarkastikat!
Welcome, Stephen McDaniel.
Welcome, Unihorn!
Welcome, grayfruit.
Welcome, inco!
Welcome, janinroy!
Welcome, mad see za!
Welcome, madcza!
What a shit level made by a shit person.
What can change the nature of man?
What the dog doin?
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
What's the reason for coming this time?
What?
When Your Clap Game Is On Another Level
When was that added?
When's Nintendo gonna get some competition??
Where Tradition Meets Tomorrow
Where am I going?
Where'd you go, psycho boy?
Where's Bill?
Where's my New Nintendo 3ds?
Where's the lamb sauce!?
Why are people crossing animals??
Why are we still here? Just to suffer?
Why did Phoenix become homeless?
Wifies
With this character's death, the thread of prophecy is severed. Restore a saved game to restore the weave of fate, or persist in the doomed world you have created.
Working hard, or hardly working?
Worlds Best Cup of Coffee!
YES NO YES NO YES NO YES NO YES NO YES NO
YOU're not stuck with ME, I'm stuck with YOU!
Yeah I have made a mistake
Yes please
Yes, THAT New Nintendo 3ds, the one with all the 1346 games!
Yo
Yo waddup
You anger me, you know that?
You are as consistent as lumpy oatmeal.
You are the reason this place is on a watchlist.
You can never leave this place.
You can never leave. It never ends.
You could have stopped it.
You didn't think that was it did you?
You die when you are killed.
You have nowhere else to go!
You hear my name, you will know who I am.
You know what, that's Sony's issue. Not my problem.
You know what? I suck at smash.
You see, my father was a gamer. So naturally, he was violent.
You should be concerned, because the challenge involves a missile launcher, and ive chosen to sneak.
You thought it was over,
You will be alone in the end...
You will be missed, Reggie.
You will now stop reading this message.
You won't last long here
You're already dead
You're great.
You're here forever.
Your inbox has (69) new messages
Your legs have been temporarily disabled due to an exploit
[deleted]
a mountain of rubble and death
actualy, yes i did have a bite
already a map of north korea
also i'd just like to thank you for
also, i like to make the sex with the doritos
an everlasting war between order and chaos
are there any cheat codes for hoes?
as seen on TV!
ate some WATERMELOWWN
atrioc19
awooga
ay ayy ayyy
bad boy
be honest, you think im an asshole?
bruh how you gonna talk behind my back when you deadass built like a
buy more coke right now
cJerk
coke > pepsi
consider yourself sacrificed
delete this
do NOT eat the yellow snow
do i click this link? yes. yes i do
dont ask questions
dont join this is virus
e621.net
eggwoah🤤🤤🤤😩😩😩
ever heard of the _dupe glitch_ charles?
every time lightning strikes, a veterean dies
ez 15:21
flamingo
friends? what friends?
fucc
fuck coke, drink water
fuck pepsi, drink water
full of cummy wummies
furry drip
gamer time
git gud
he blocked me
he will be baked soon, alhamdulillah
he's a bad boy doing bad things!
hey mom can you go to the store and pick up some anal lube for me? thanks
history.3gp
hopefully you posted this ironically
http://discord.ac-modding.com
https://www.twitch.tv/inconsistent_dg
https://www.twitter.com/inconsistent_dg
https://www.youtube.com/c/inconsistent_dg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6CVfUjJchE
i am not a furry i promise
i am not gay i promise
i'd be a great father figure
i'll yeet you to the stratosphere
i'm gonna say the n word
i'm just built different
i'm not a furry!
i'm on ubuntu
inconsitent
it come wit egg-WOAH 🥶🥵💦
ladies and gentlemen... this is Mambo No. 5
leche
liberals
look behind you 😈
look, he's dead
looking for moderators, apply now!
looking forward to the next incosplaining
ludwig7
me showing a cyberbullied victim how to turn off their computer:
new flesh
nice
nice ass!
no cock like horse cock
not all toe walkers are furries, but all furries are toe walkers
now with midroll ads!
of all the things youv'e lost,
ohio isn't real
ok
pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa
people saying timmy thick was a social experiment
pepsi > coke
print("fuck you")
rap music
recycle your plastic!
rooting for racial justice and equality!! ♥
ruben
s(he) be(lie)ve(d)
s950tx16wasr10 [163.97]
sample text
seems legit
shortwig
sigma male grindsetter 😎🥵🥶🥶💯
silentpedro.mp4
so cute!
spank me daddy RAWR xD
stop reading this and start your homework
succ
that's nutty
that's the gayest thing you've ever said
this is a christian site, do not swear
this is now dead
this is why we can't have nice things
this isn't going to be a meme, is it?
trigonometry has no real world applications
unstoppable
wasn't worth
welcome to the virgins club!
what are you waiting for?
what is real anymore
what u know about
what u know about rolling down in the deep
what's heavier? a kilogramme of steel, or a kilogramme of feathers?
when is petscop 2?
when your brain goes numb you can call that mental freeze 🥶🥶💯
which side are you, joe
who asked
who is this mysterious and
who made this kid a mod
who turned out the lights
why am I suffocating
why are you like this
why do i feel pain
wtf is a domestic cat
wuff wuff
xue hua piao piao bei feng xiao xiao
yiff
yo waddup
you are banned
you built like a
you find all types of people,
you just need a bit of hope
you look beautiful!
you look terrible!
you never know, it may just make it to the MOTD
you still play fortnite?
you still play minecraft?
you'll be back, you'll always be back
you're a furry!
😳 Do it float?
🥴
Dancing all night!
drowning in the sewer
Count what you have now!
down the dopamine road
dont do this
dont do that
We made it!
We did that!
I'm going to make you play Space Land THREE times in a row
Why shouldn't I?
struck by the rain
Hamburger Cheeseburger Big Mac Whopper
i love you
no i dont
silently storming
Water Is Sink
Baba Is You
2 Minutes 34 Seconds 
You're more than a consumer!
It's just restaurant noise.
I don't believe in dinosaurs, but I know ghosts are real.
How can you believe shit like that?
yew nork
ROLLING STAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAART
you're such a fucking kinker
YOU KINKER!!!!
i wanna shove my cock down your throat
im edging
speedrun this prostate
takes a kevin to know a kevin
enter the pro-state
it's not supposed to be snowing
pollution isn't that bad
No bitches?
God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. How shall we comfort ourselves, the murderers of all murderers? What was holiest and mightiest of all that the world has yet owned has bled to death under our knives. Who will wipe this blood off us? What water is there for us to clean ourselves? What festivals of atonement, what sacred games shall we have to invent? Is not the greatness of this deed too great for us? Must we ourselves not become gods simply to appear worthy of it?
For someone I've never met before, you sure did try to kill me. And even though you've succeeded, you've still earned my respect.
For someone I've never met before, you sure did try to kill me.
Do you have a source on that?
Source?
A source. I need a source.
Sorry, I mean I need a source that explicitly states your argument. This is just tangential to the discussion.
No, you can't make inferences and observations from the sources you've gathered. Any additional comments from you MUST be a subset of the information from the sources you've gathered.
You can't make normative statements from empirical evidence.
Do you have a degree in that field?
A college degree? In that field?
Then your arguments are invalid.
No, it doesn't matter how close those data points are correlated. Correlation does not equal causation.
Correlation does not equal causation.
CORRELATION. DOES. NOT. EQUAL. CAUSATION.
You still haven't provided me a valid source yet. Nope, still haven't. I just looked through all 308 pages of your user history, figures I'm debating a glormpf supporter. A moron.
An intelligent man can get out of a situation a wise man avoided.
I'm a little sensitive about my asshole.
Broke up with my girlfriend. She left the cap off the toothpaste. Only a Synth does that.
The never-ending cycle of Romance and Passion
🔥 While you're still sleeping, the saints are still weeping 'cause things you called dead haven't yet had the chance to be born 🔥
I need a room full of mirrors so I can be surrounded by winners
im so tired of doing nothing. but i just cant drag myself out of bed
A package courier found shot in the head near Goodsprings has reportedly regained consciousness, and has made a full recovery. Now that is a delivery service you can count on.
In New Vegas, we know the pain that numbers can bring us. Well so does Guy Mitchell, whose got Heartaches by the Number.
It's me again, reminding you that you're nobody 'til somebody loves you. And that somebody is me. I love you.
Prize for second place was I got to live, but they beat my fucking legs with hammers. I'm fucking crippled, get it?
I'm not looking for glory, I'm looking for victory
I've been falling.... for 30 minutes!
I have an idea for the Minecraft 2.0 update. We will finally get all the important things that we have been missing for the longest time. After years and years of eating, the player character (most commonly Steve) has eaten lots of food. But, all of this food after all of these years has had nowhere to go. But fret not, because in the biggest update ever Steve will take the biggest shit ever. The more food you have eaten across all of your Minecraft worlds, the more blocks that will slowly slide out of Steve’s gaping anus. The process to obtain this will be fully animated, and these blocks will have a very special property. They have a stinky effect that wards off all mobs, unless of course the mob in particular has the poop kink from the next part of this update. Mobs will now have fully animated breeding animations, along with kinks. Some animals will get into a breeding state by being hit, others will be attracted to your shit, and this along with possibly more than 50 other kinks. This is the breed and feed update.
I sexually identify as a Minecraft creeper. Ever since I was a child I dreamed of stalking people in the dead of the night, making an erotic hissing noise, and then spewing my particles all over them. People say to me that a person being a monster in a dying Swedish pixel game is impossible and I’m more autistic than a Fortnite default, but I don’t care, I’m beautiful. I’m having a doctor fill me with gunpowder and implementing green and black pigments into my skin. From now on I want you guys to call me "Creepus Explodus” and respect my right to appear on retarded children's backpacks and sweaters. If you can’t accept me you’re a mobophobe and need to check your entity privilege. Thank you all for being so understanding.
Seven dollars, I'm gonna feed my dog
Thank you for submitting an appeal. After reviewing your current situation, it has been decided to deny your punishment appeal. There are specific rules in which players agree to abide by when joining the forums, and unfortunately, you've decided to break those rules. With that said, you will have to wait out the rest of your punishment.
You can see the forum rules here: Hypixel Rules & Policies, please make sure to read these and respect our forum's rules.
Lately, you may have seen that "Ratio" and "Bozo" and other terms similar to that have taken the internet by storm. Because of this, it has been normalized to harass people with these insulting and degrading words. Calling someone a "bozo" is like calling someone the n word.
THESE VIOLENT DELIGHTS HAVE VIOLENT ENDS
what a mean world we're living in
mutual cognitive illusion
EL BUNKO
it's NOT a bunker, don't call it EL BUNKO
you seriously need to channel your anger
i didn't do anything!
it would be greatly appreciated if you could stop kicking me
HEY. not cool.
stoooop
i see your problem with the toaster, it doesn't toast toast
everybody knows all toasters toast toast
well, i guess potteries are meant to be broken
not cool butthead
I’d obviously like to thank a few people. I’d like to thank Charlie Cryton, for doing the plot with me, and Jamie and Kevin for writing their parts. I would like to thank Michael Palin, for checking the scene numbers. I’d also like to thank John Comfort, Jonathan Benson, Roger Murray-Leech, Hazel Pessig, Glenn Palmer-Smith, Cynthia Kayla, Mariah Aitkin, Johnathan Aitkin, Lord Beaverbrook, Eleanor Roosevelt, Jack Cousteau, and his wife Mimi, Soren Kierkegaard, Gisela Werbezerk-Piffle, Sonny Liston and Hayden Jones, and her husband Pip, Gregor Mendel - the founder of the science of genetics, my tailor, Harriet Beacher-Stowe - author of Uncle Tom’s Cabin, The London Symphony Orchestra Brass Section, The Leighton Orient Strikers, Mother, Bismarck, The Royal Society for the Prevention of Birds, Sir Basil Smallpiece, St Francis of Assisi, Diana Ross and The Supremes, Earl Haig, Wily E. Coyote, Mother Teresa, Herb Alpert, and his Tijuana grass, Herman Goering, Dame Agatha Christie, the planet Saturn and, of course, all of its rings, Joan Collins, The Publicity Department of Turkish Airways, the unknown soldier, Tammy Whinette, and last, but of course not least, God.
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
What a lonely place for a sane man in a room full of maniacs. 
When someone says they are "in the zone" it means they are on a roll. Your performance is at max skill, your potential becomes more than what it is, and everything around you becomes phased out. Seemingly a place where you cant be stopped or touched.
you're the cause of it all
im in a virtual paradise
Love the way you move
The first fan fiction I posted on the internet was a Sly Cooper fanfic about him and Carmelita being stranded on a desert island where they had to fight a cybernetic clone of the main villain and then I wrote two sequels about their half-fox half-raccoon children who had to deal with fantasy-racism for being mixed race, and also the cyber-clone from the first fic was now their weird uncle-figure. 
you're one big dope
Is anyone making sure we’ll be okay? Is anyone actually steering the ship? Because those sure are some big waves over there, and we’ve never been this far out to sea before.
Ignorance is in our bones, but kindness is in our DNA.
I detest you. Goodbye.
Beauty lies in imperfection
i guess we have to suffer for fashion
They told me i have PTSD. I said "Yeah I got the potential to stack dough"
we've got google chrome, blue chrome, orange chrome, red chrome, round chrome, microsoft chrome, and firefox
The phrase “walking dead” is some mighty fine bullshit. You can’t walk if you’re dead. You’re fucking dead.
EVERY DIE WANTS TO LIVE
EVERY LIVE WANTS TO DIE
can you feel my heart?
I am vegan until it's dinnertime
Now let’s add sexual reproduction to make it more interesting
it might take a bit of force, but it can fit
Welcome to my hotel room. I'm not really sure what happened to it, I think it may have been the international police. They've been after me all weekend for stealing the hearts of women all over Madrid.
wow! "many" probably means more than one!
Rules for Rulers
Putin never gets sick. Sickness gets Putin and then dies. 
(I hope the psychological horror manifested in my bran doesn't make me say the N word multiple times tomorrow)
Shut the fuck up, I'm gonna call the fucking police on you if you continue to contact me. This is your final warning before the feds get involved. You’ve followed me to my fucking job, to my fucking classes, and to my fucking house. I will get a fucking court case on your ass. I told you I don’t love you and I never fucking will.
Clearly his taste in women is the same as his taste in lawyers: only the very best... with just a right amount of dirty!
Let's say I know a guy... who knows a guy... who knows another guy.
Your honour, my client was simply following orders.
i can't drown my demons, they know how to swim
forgive me father
i love you mother
What other things have I done? I try really hard to not think about it, but not a moment goes by where it doesn't cross my mind. The man I was before, he is dead now. I don't know who I am anymore. Sometimes I can't sleep because it's on my mind, just eating me away into a shallow and awful human being. I ask myself, can I continue on like this? Is it even worth it? Can I keep telling myself these lies after lies to hold my sanity? I guess I am afraid of changing, because I've had no control over the changes that have happened around me.
In a world filled with misery and uncertainty, it is a great comfort to know that, in the end, there is light in the darkness.
Kiss him. Passionately. And make love. Don't worry if he's straight; so is spaghetti, until things get hot
Stop! You violated the law. Pay the court a fine or serve your sentence. Your stolen goods are now forfeit.
Resist Arrest
Then pay with your blood!
A wrong turn reveals that I'm an idiot.
I eat the food of gods!
I train my hands!
I study electricity!
This is my grungy sleeping chair!
welcome back to the struggle
To live is to suffer, and yet we keep going.
War never changes.
In the year 1945, my great-great grandfather, serving in the army, wondered when he'd get to go home to his wife and the son he'd never seen. He got his wish when the US ended World War II by dropping atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
The World awaited Armageddon; instead, something miraculous happened. We began to use atomic energy not as a weapon, but as a nearly limitless source of power.
People enjoyed luxuries once thought the realm of science fiction. Domestic robots, fusion-powered cars, portable computers. But then, in the 21st century, people awoke from the American dream.
Years of consumption lead to shortages of every major resource. The entire world unraveled. Peace became a distant memory. It is now the year 2077. We stand on the brink of total war, and I am afraid. For myself, for my wife, for my infant son - because if my time in the army taught me one thing: it's that war, war never changes.
Is there a god? How could this happen? Who can I sue?
Repeat this phrase: that's not my tiger!
Did you know that you have rights? The constitution says you do.
Stop seething, start coping
The missile knows where it is at all times.
The missile knows where it is at all times. It knows this because it knows where it isn't. By subtracting where it is from where it isn't, or where it isn't from where it is (whichever is greater), it obtains a difference, or deviation. The guidance subsystem uses deviations to generate corrective commands to drive the missile from a position where it is to a position where it isn't, and arriving at a position where it wasn't, it now is. Consequently, the position where it is, is now the position that it wasn't, and it follows that the position that it was, is now the position that it isn't. In the event that the position that it is in is not the position that it wasn't, the system has acquired a variation, the variation being the difference between where the missile is, and where it wasn't. If variation is considered to be a significant factor, it too may be corrected by the GEA. However, the missile must also know where it was. The missile guidance computer scenario works as follows. Because a variation has modified some of the information the missile has obtained, it is not sure just where it is. However, it is sure where it isn't, within reason, and it knows where it was. It now subtracts where it should be from where it wasn't, or vice-versa, and by differentiating this from the algebraic sum of where it shouldn't be, and where it was, it is able to obtain the deviation and its variation, which is called error.
My peanut butter chocolate cake with Kool-Aid
A question as I do to have 4 different islands of animal crossing. modified thanks.
Jammy Jellyfish
Stop whining. You kids are soft. You lack discipline. Well I've got news for you: you are MINE now. You belong to ME! 
No more complaining, no more "Mr. Kimball, I need to go to the bathroom..." NOTHING! THERE IS NO BATHROOM!
This game was born on the other side of the finish line, and it still found a way to be last place.
like genghis khan but with more pizazz
I survived by refusing to die
A man who never eats pork buns, is never a whole man!
Why don't you have a pork bun in your hand?
You look like you could use a pork bun!
Since we're in this pickle, we might as well make the moist out of it.
As the French say: violence baguettes violence, so to be sure we get that bread.
I guess this is why some people love the Skyrim creation club. The game looks awesome! Which mods did you download?
I'm about to end this mans whole career.
You're one formidable foe
If quizzes are quizzical, then what are tests?
Can you make like a tree and die for the winter?
Have you tried feeling more like a normal person?
Have you taken your normal pills today?
What's with those dorky glasses?
B3313
The only difference between a mad man and a hibachi chef is a heated table
you're laughing. he's cooking on a regular table and you're laughing.
I'll tell you, the other day I put a baby on a weight bench and that little weakling couldn't do 1 bench press. NOT 1!!! I was like, "look bro, either you put in a little sweat or no one is going to respect you!" You know what he did next?!? Fell asleep. RIGHT THERE! on the bench!!!! I just threw my hands up and returned him to the stroller of the mother who was frantically dialling 9-1-1. I put the baby down. She had this stunned look and I say, "Yeah. Good luck with this one." Her jaw drops and she picks him up crying. I'm like, "damn, he aint gunna get stronger if you keep coddling him like that." Pfft. Go figure. 
Losing is 100% optional
crush me
I am not the GOAT, I am even better.
TWO
Your enjoy? :D
cat hat
Some dilemmas in life can be solved with one caffeine pill
not all of them, but a few of them
that doesn't make any sense at all
Benny Harvey R.I.P. Miss you big man, gone but not forgotten.
It's look who it is
SHOOT THE
without the rain we would never feel thankful for the warmth of the sun
Go. Go away! Read some books!
This APT has Super Cow Powers.
This aptitude does not have Super Cow Powers.
"Have you mooed today?"
What is it? It's an elephant being eaten by a snake, of course.
Voila! In view humble vaudevillian veteran, cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of fate. This visage, no mere veneer of vanity, is a vestige of the vox populi now vacant, vanished. However, this valorous visitation of a bygone vexation stands vivified, and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin, vanguarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition.
The only verdict is vengeance; a vendetta, held as a votive not in vain, for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous.
Verily this vichyssoise of verbiage veers most verbose, so let me simply add that its my very good honour to meet you and you may call me V.
DO NOT VOTE TORY!
WTF U VOTED TORY!
NOOOOOOOOOOOO TONY!
who won
remove useless set -e
one does not simply 'do it now'
Who the hell would do this
Oh. My mistake.
does she know how to make a grilled cheese
Trees talk but they're not very interesting.
Would these trees just shut the hell up!
They say I'm not present... that's 'cause I'm in a million dimensions at once.
How do you know when you're not ready, kinda ready and ready all at once?
It ain't a cult. It ain't a cult. it ain't... a cult.
Finders were keepers until title was proven.
The classic "try to have everything but be good at none of it" gambit 
My little guinea pig.
Why have you got such a serious look on your face...?
Huh? what medicine? I'm just here to see you kick your heels up and show me those fine legs!
As long as there's two people left on the planet, someone's gonna want someone dead.
Game over, Taylor
Somethin' don't feel too good.
You’ve been caught trespassing, the owners are now hostile.
What is politics? Should I care?
They are Japanese, they can't even wait to cook their fish.
Do not blame me or my guide; blame yourself, blame your brain, blame your eyes, blame your finger, blame your console.
How far the days come
Do you see a bathroom? I don't.
I don't kill people, I just happened to be around people when they die in unfortunate circumstances.
bitches wanna pipe me like im mario
Error 418: I'm a teapot
I’m going to expose myself. But not in the way you’re thinking, I’m pretty sure that’s illegal.
She dies, due to death.
It wouldn't be worth my time to land the killing blow on a puny little thing like you.
It'd be like stomping on a whoopie cushion. Pretty funny, but at MY expense.
They call me the Tiger Woods of golf

`
So true
Hell yeah dude
In-damn-deed!
Absolutely, yes.
So fucking relatable
That's what I'm thinking too!
this guy gets it!
Allow me to present a counter-argument:
,
Who needs arms with legs like these?
Lust.
Hope.
Fear.
Disgust.
Despair.
Y'know, I was a bit skeptical at first, but after I made these cookies, my kids couldn't get enough of them! Thanks for sharing such a great recipe. 
Estuans interius ira vehementi
Downvoting facts is upvoting ignorance.
Go directly to jail. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200.
@mayor rubs elbows with the #fatcats. #lowprices and great sales to be expected. #goneshopping
What a great city! I would think I'm dreaming if I didn't know otherwise.
Shipments can be shipped on ships.
A young man's scheme falls to pieces.
I'm making a hard right at Saratoga.
I'm pretty sure I was... below 10 above the speed limit.
You gave me a pink slip, employee of the month award, and a mother's day card all at the same time.
Fetch me a fire extinguisher. A good one, with the foam.
You have exercised the utmost discernment, far beyond that of the layman.
KЯORꓘ
Not so state of the art then, is it?
The weak are destined to live under the strong.
That haircut is the reason hats were invented.
I love you, but your hair looks like a misplaced texture in a game.
It becomes apparent that my extravagant spending spree of a hair cut and my own shoes would make all available firearms too expensive. 
It was definitely his opinion and I could respect that. It was not up to me to decide how anyone should play the game, but the same rule applied to them.
My money don't jiggle jiggle, it folds.
I'm not racist, I have a colored TV.
Sounds like communist propoganda
I'm the first player to come in second place
it would be so awesome
it would be so cool
Meanwhile, this guy is better at the game than I am at sitting down. And I'm in a wheelchair.
Really good gaming chair!
If there's a hole, there's a way.
There are no mistakes.
He was different than me, yes, diametrically opposed in principle; yet we were still here, imprisoned in the world together, dealing with it in our own ways.  To completely separate myself from someone else because of their different principles would limit Francisco's experiences.  For example. I would've never seen this luxury to know it was not something I had a particular need for, and to disregard the value of another person in a world where death would not separate them from you seemed worse of a crime than hurting them.
Digest this, bro.
Grandpa Found the Car Keys
When you said "escort him," I thought you meant "to the afterlife." My bad.
Lavender Peppermint
FINAL ANSWER?
There's no point in living, if you can't feel alive. Then again, who does?
How are you?
I'm fine.
Fuck off
I don't even gotta SAY how much yen I wanna borrow
This reminds me... I need 50,000 yen.
Can you lend me... 50,000 yen?
Nice game to play exactly 100 times.
The fuck is this? A lullaby?
This is a slope
It's die or be dead. And I chose yes.
He brought out his frog and said "Is this a toad?"
YOU CAN JUST SAY WHATEVER YOU WANT I GUESS
Stephen's sausage roll is about rolling Stephen's sausages
From this point onward you will be manipulating more than just sausages.
not many things make me piss my pants in excitement, but whew boy
Sleeping. Wake me at your own risk.
Your honor, if you are what you eat then my client is an innocent man.
You'd make a terrible god!
What do you want from me? Money? I'd give you a pot of gold to leave me alone!
Why me? Why MEEEEEEEEE?
Are those dark circles under your eyes? That means you're not getting enough rest.
I recommend a healthy 14 hours of sleep per night, with plenty of naps sprinkled throughout the day.
I was had patched switch and I can't enter CFW
What I should do to hacked
Special thanks to whoever invented pizza
Pee is stored in the balls
I say left, you say right. 
I say become a doctor, you say become a patient.
It turns out the squid had friends, and they’re equally as menacing
Tetris is a an inventory management survival horror game
Are you prepared to live with the direct cost of a life?
I'm actually fairly well-coordinated as a human being
Why are your feet seasoned better than the chicken?
imagine getting into bed w grass grippers THAT dirty
Higher beings, these words are for you alone.
The more velocity, the more ouch
Please lick my balls 15 times per second just like a hummingbird.
you were raised wrapped in bubble wrap
It's not about the nail.
Where's my goddamned Mountain Dew?
No, where's my Mountain Dew? I keep it in the microwave!
To me, death is not a fearful thing, it's living that's treacherous.
I got a whole lot of bitch, no "es" though
Good will triumph over evil. The wicked will not go unpunished.
I'm not gonna take that kind of lip from foot apparel.
Victor Borge
Then the chorus comes in and nobody knows why except Mozart and he’s dead.
I ain’t cut out for walking!
How foolishly men hope for a brighter future.
I need a new trailor!
I fear not a man who sold thousands of games, I fear a man who sold one game a thousand times.
...and his music was electric. 
These coordinates led to the wettest place on Earth, my house, after hearing this song 
Moisture Deficit 
And so she left, heart still racing.
Dominik W. Magnus
Composition never ends. You just have to say at some point 'Ok, this is it. I'm not tweaking it anymore'.
Your mother should have swallowed you.
I feel it deep within
It's just beneath the skin
I must confess that I feel like a monster
I hate what I've become
The nightmare's just begun
I'm subverting the genre, that's why it's funny.
putting it on in the car got me thinking
There's no rest for the damned.
Well I personally don’t see what the octopus is getting out of this, and the girl doesn't seem to be having much fun either.
S&P still feels that "fucky" would come from "ducky"
It says H202! That means it's the sequal to water!
I pray every morning... to my god, and the chicken he provides. 
The greatest of individual feats will always pale into insignificance when measured up against the triumphs of the united many.
The whole is greater than the sum of its parts
10 blocks is the magical total
And since goat is a raging alcoholic the first place they go to is a bar to get more information on how to go to hell
Nice gun, but the engravings provide no tactical advantage whatsoever.
If you zoom in to the logo and look real closely, you'll notice that I couldn't be bothered
THIS SITE IS HENTAI FREE. Looking for it? Leave.
The bird flu? Yeah, they tend to do that.
you're telling me a shrimp fried this rice?
"What's upstairs?" They can't talk
Apartment "complex"? I find it quite simple.
Road work ahead? Yeah, I sure hope it does.
You're telling me a ginger bred this man?
Wood fired pizza? How's pizza gonna get a job now?
Based? Based on what?
He thought it would be funny to let your door open to the zombies. You thought it would be funny to sacrifice him to the god of nightmares.
i get messages from the stars
you must be from another galaxy
If you never played New Leaf, you may not know what bingo is.
Turns out, given the chance, yes, I would download a car. At the first opportunity.
The hammerhead shark is a shark with a head like a hammer, which is what you'd expect.
He has no rules. No boundaries. He doesn't flinch at torture, human trafficking, or genocide. He's not loyal to a flag or country or any set of ideals. He trades blood for money. He's your new best friend.
it's only the police that ever come looking for you
Those of you who are still alive will envy the dead
The words rum and death should have the same meaning to you
This heat is more oppresive than my father
It was part of an initiative to investigate how well test subjects could solve problems when they were catapulted into space. Results were highly informative: They could not. 
I'm Diego. I have a knife.
no bro, he shanked your heart
it's not spandex, it's leather. and you used to like it.
Sis, confine your spines!
The thing about getting shot, is it has already happened. It is death by the future. Your eyes cannot help perceive a bullet entering the processor of its imagery. The processor is gone before the link is severed. They send images of oblivion to its victim in the past.
Some otters are bigger than other otters, these ones are called big otters, because they are larger than small otters.
I like to think of myself as at least moderately intelligent woman
Has the neutral judgment been invalidated? 
Matters of national security?! But... I just run a shoe shop!
We won a long time ago. This? This is maintenance.
My name is Walter Hartwell White. I live at 308 Negra Arroyo Lane, Albuquerque, New Mexico, 87104. This is my confession. If you're watching this tape, I'm probably dead– murdered by my brother-in-law, Hank Schrader. Hank has been building a meth empire for over a year now, and using me as his chemist. Shortly after my 50th birthday, he asked that I use my chemistry knowledge to cook methamphetamine, which he would then sell using connections that he made through his career with the DEA. I was... astounded. I... I always thought Hank was a very moral man, and I was particularly vulnerable at the time – something he knew and took advantage of. I was reeling from a cancer diagnosis that was poised to bankrupt my family. Hank took me in on a ride-along and showed me just how much money even a small meth operation could make. And I was weak. I didn't want my family to go into financial ruin, so I agreed. Hank had a partner, a businessman named Gustavo Fring. Hank sold me into servitude to this man. And when I tried to quit, Fring threatened my family. I didn't know where to turn. Eventually, Hank and Fring had a falling-out. Things escalated. Fring was able to arrange – uh, I guess... I guess you call it a "hit" – on Hank, and failed, but Hank was seriously injured. And I wound up paying his medical bills, which amounted to a little over $177,000. Upon recovery, Hank was bent on revenge. Working with a man named Hector Salamanca, he plotted to kill Fring. The bomb that he used was built by me, and he gave me no option in it. I have often contemplated suicide, but I'm a coward. I wanted to go to the police, but I was frightened. Hank had risen to become the head of the Albuquerque DEA. To keep me in line, he took my children. For three months, he kept them. My wife had no idea of my criminal activities, and was horrified to learn what I had done. I was in hell. I hated myself for what I had brought upon my family. Recently, I tried once again to quit, and in response, he gave me this. I can't take this anymore. I live in fear every day that Hank will kill me, or worse, hurt my family. All I could think to do was to make this video and hope that the world will finally see this man for what he really is. 
slowly massage the vag, then rub the clitoris ever so gently. Proceed to stick a single finger in the vagina. continue adding your fingers until your whole fist is in. slide your arm slowly into her, once you reach your shoulder limbo in with your head, and forcibly insert your other arm, torso, and legs. You are now free to control her. when you feel the job is done, finish by giving birth to yourself.
I gotta get that restraining order. For real, this time.
Why do they call it a brothel? There's no broth. Or is there?
Or is there?
Don't listen to the other guys who answered this question. All you need is a hammer and it will fit just fine. Also, you can try inserting the card into your device using your car bumper to press it in, just use a low hgear and make sure to have someone whom you don't like hold the device for you. I also use this method to store my winter shoes inside of a tic-tac container.
i think im gonna be productive today
and what did you do? absolutely nothing
I remember the feral times. There was this weird period of holidays that mean cleaning staff didn't come by for 2 weeks. Garbage piled to the ceiling. The stench permeated the room. And no one cared - our eyes solely focused on the devouring.
why do they call it oven when you of in the cold food of out hot eat the food
hey there little honey, won't you groove?
i've been trying all night to dance with you
This is dope. Do everything inspired.
This is horrible. Never again.
Fear is stored in the balls
This attraction is still under construction, and is not dangerous enough for visitors yet.
I'm going to bed
You'd die from this side, too.
The community was in remiss. Mario was on the moon, taking a piss.
The community was in remiss, the community was in remiss.
My mom is a drug addict, and is currently in a cult. She is slowly ruining my life, as I am her one and only son. 
My mother works in deep cold coal mines, the fucking dungeons. The train broke because it was shot down by a rogue fireball. And my mom went sicko mode. AITA?
This reminds me of the great water shortage of 1852.
After all, walls are just a suggestion, and ceilings are a figment of our imaginations.
First off, I'm an individual
Made by a "real" person!
sometimes my brain forgets that we’re supposed to be on the same team
Don't eat that sandwich, your mom made that sandwich three and a half months ago
I'm bleedin to death!
YOU'RE WHAT?
two hearts weren't enough for my dad
Sometimes... God takes mommies and puppies away... and sometimes... just sometimes... I do.
8675309
Jenny
You may fascinate a girl by giving her a piece of cheese.
You're a little bitch and your brother was, too.
I don't endorse homophobia or any phobia other than arachno
You ever think you might just have a small dick, mate?
heavy rocks are not even heavy rocks now !
I haven't slept since I woke up
A little tomfoolery
A bit of goofin around
A slight amount of mischief
A marginal quantity of misconduct
A wee pinch of wrongdoing
Have I told you that you're an absolute gem?
Everyday is a good day to die!
Kill them all, and 
I don't trust a man that doesn't have something strange going on about him, 'cause it means he's hiding it from you. If a man's wearing his pants on his head or if he says his words backwards from time to time, you know it's all laid out there for you. But if he's friendly to strangers and keeps his home spick-and-span, more often than not he's done something even his own ma couldn't forgive.
Just you and me, a couple’a problem solvers
Assume the position.
What exactly do you do? Fuck, man. Everything. I push buttons. I turn dials. I read numbers. Sometimes I make up little stories in my head about what the numbers mean.
Take drugs! Kill a bear!
They try to put their stake in everything they see. Nobody's dick's that long, not even long dick Johnson. And he had a fucking long dick. Thus the name.
Yeah, I got that part, thanks.
Would it trouble you to blow it out your ass?
SMELL THAT AIR! COULDN'T YOU JUST DRINK IT LIKE BOOZE?
...this must seem like an 18 karat run of bad luck.
I is scientistic
What in the goddamn
Nice charlies too. Give em a shake for the Ben man, will ya? Hello!
If my life burns out here, so be it. Until then, I wait and watch. See what the road brings. 
Do you like the sight of your own blood?
You're nobody till somebody loves you... and that somebody is me, I love you.
Tell mama I've done my best.
All my friends have off switches
Those who think they are all knowing know nothing of my balls
Experience my BALLS
Bask in the shadow of my BALLS
Be one with the universe
Gaze into the ballsack
Revenge is not Justice. My balls are Justice. 
I won't just gaze into the abyss, I'll maintain uncomfortable eye contact with it.
If at first you don't succeed, reduce your expectations until you're a success.
Go, orphans, go!
[sic]
Man Stroke Woman
One more night and I didn't die in my sleep! ...Funny, I used to say this to myself even before the riots.
They say paranoia is a form of insanity...
my cleaning lady threatend to blow up our house after we fired her on christmas morning
You're the type to help old ladies across the street only to leave them half way, leaving them behind in the middle of the road as the cars menacingly rev their engines
She's just an interior designer, but got famous after trying to assassinate the US President.
They eat icecream covered in gold! GOLD!
Now is not the time to have an existential crisis.
I heard the gospel today. "This generation is an evil generation. It seeks for a sign, but no sign will be given to it except the sign of Jonah." I see now that Night City, like Nineveh, still awaits its prophet. Many of us bear our own crosses each day as prophets unto ourselves, forgotten and ignored by others. Is there not one of us who may become the mustard seed among whose branches the birds will make their homes? The days following Ruben's death are dark, so I pray that the truth path may be revealed. I hope that one day I will emerge from the belly of the beast and see the light.
Father, how difficult it is to follow in Christ's path. The passing of the days does not make the pain any more bearable. Our Lord said, "Let the dead bury their dead," but it is impossible for me not to think of my brother's death. How should I interpret the words, "Go and announce the Kingdom of God?" In speaking about salvation through suffering, will I find solace in my own pain?
i can't go to hell, i'm all out of vacation days
A ringing head is bad. But when it remains somewhat head-shaped... that is good, yes?
I've been making omelets without cracking the egg
Zzzz... I can't believe how seriously unconscious I am right now...
I can deal with someone who ate cupcakes 10 years ago but 9!!!? What a harlot
That would be funny I think.
Are you gonna eat it...?
Eat your brain? Claire that's disgusting.
Tell me my caramel recipe is shit? I’ll put my hot sticky stuff in yo girl instead of your mouth next time! (Owned, Reddit 100)
Using the cover of broad daylight, I use my stealth blimp to get into the heavily guarded military base.
JESUS LOVES YOU (It's the rest of us that think you're an asshole)
he couldn't hit the back side of a barn
Sis, confine your spines—we're not even open yet!
I don't think I've ever loved a woman before, not romantically at least.
You are the most adorable cum dumpster I've ever seen. I'd love to find you on your hands and knees with that pretty face down in a pillow, and that tight ass up in the air waiting for me to dive tongue deep into your warm boy cunt as I play with your precum covered piss slit.
I want you to feel my daddy hands on those fat cheeks as I spread you wide, so you can feel my nose go up and down that warm crack until my lips find your puckering boy pussy. I can't wait to have it.
I don't think I'm racist. I just haven't really met any black people.
I can see it, but I can't quite reach it.
I can reach it, but I can't quite see it.
There's a walrus on the door.
It's locked…the door.
IT'S A DOOR!
I COULD KNOCK YOU OUT
As a speed runner, I want to avoid all social interaction so I’ll clip out of my party...
I spent way too much time down there. It was only like twelve minutes but I swear to god it felt like thirteen.
that beat is crazy.. no mixing, no heavy auto tune, just straight ass 🔥🔥🔥
Sad for the souls who've lost their way, and forgot to die.
This was my grandmothers wedding toilet! Not sure why it's a thing we hold dear, but apparently it's a really cherished heirloom. We still shit in it though, so I guess it's an appropiate metaphor for my family legacy.
There's people who "think outside the box", and then there's crackpots who think George Washington was a reptilian overlord that was working for Napoleon.
Now stop sitting here doing nothing! We could be CHASING PUSSY!!
I'm a farmer so I know how to RAISE COCK.
I'm a farmer so I know all about PLANTING SEED.
Three people have been killed, and the only ones left are you, me, and a little old lady. One of us is a murderer, and my money's on the old lady.
This is the kind of scam a calculator would invent.
How you spend it is up to you.
Remember that time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
WHAT
You're right
The Waffle House has found its new host
the orphanage center has found its new orphan
I need more context.
do you not see that you have insulted the FREAK
Stop being reasonable, this is the internet!
least i can do is sit on my ass while sipping a cold beer
this will plague my mid for many moons
but why, to this place where babies are made, why have you come unprepared?
Moon viewing is the sort of thing you should do on your own, in quiet reflection. What I mean is, leave me alone.
Why is it that every time disaster strikes, I find myself without a proper blade?
I can't say I appreciate your opinion, but I do support your right to it.
Not up to the usual Fallout standards.
Light wood laminate, light wood laminate!
If the universe is so big, why won't it fight me?
I'm not a gay in case you were wondering.
My racist uncle just said something racist at the dinner table. I am unsurprised, however, as he is notoriously racist.
No animals were harmed in the making of this movie. 70 cast and crew members were.
opinions are like buttholes. Everyone has them.
Due to the rough phonetic translation of Japanese to English and the "invisible 'N' rule", Sashimi Hifue can actually be pronounced "Schmeven" if you completely lie and pronounce it wrong.
Always put refuse in a proper receptacle!
Uh... Yeah, sorry about that. My bad.
Just your very presence makes everyone happy, happy, happy!
While you're here, Chibi-Robo, would you like to save?
Listen to this!
Spread the happiness!
Excellent!
Apologizing is a vital component to the manager's work.
He had a little too much fun at the party. I think he passed out from excitement.
See, there's this mountain. And I have to climb it. Don't ask why. YOLO.
what the heaven?